well howdy there internet people it's
bo-gyung so today we are going to talk
about Trump versus the pediatricians the
Trump administration President Trump
himself tweeted out that schools must
open in the fall or maybe will take
their funding away you know has to be in
person all of this stuff and to defend
this everybody pointed to the American
Academy of pediatricians and what they
said see they said they should return to
school that's not what they said that's
not what they said either you just read
the headline or you read a news article
that spawned what they said to support
the president what they said was that
should be the goal and then they
provided a laundry list of guidance that
would make it safe that guidance pretty
much lined up with the CDC's guidance
because contrary to a lot of people's
opinion there is a consensus among
experts on how best to deal with this
the Trump administration I disagree with
the CDC on their very tough and
expensive guidelines for opening schools
while they want them open they're asking
schools to do very impractical things I
will be meeting with them so the
president in His infinite wisdom is
going to tell the experts what to do and
he's going to pressure them to change
their guidance to make it less safe for
children that's what he's going to do
because the American Academy of
pediatricians I'm assuming got tired of
people spinning what they said spinning
their statement they issued a new
statement and this is co-signed by the
American Federation of Teachers the
National Education of the Association a
whole bunch of people okay it does start
off with the same thing you know we
should get kids back to school it's
important that's the goal of course it
is it's everybody's goal they want to do
it safely
see that's the key part they want to do
it safely returning to school is
important for the health healthy
development and well-being of children
but we must pursue a reopening in a way
that is safe for all students teachers
and staff science should drive
decision-making on safely reopening
schools public health agencies must make
recommendations based on evidence not
politics we should leave it to health
experts to tell us when the time is best
to open up school buildings and listen
to educators and administrators to shape
how we do it
a one-size-fits-all approach is not
appropriate for return to school
decisions that's a pretty sharp rebuke
of what the president said they flat out
said he was wrong and unlike the news
articles out that the link to the
statement so you can read it yourself
there's another bit to this that's
entertaining president City withhold
funding the same statement goes on we
call on Congress and the administration
to provide the federal resources needed
to ensure that adequate funding does not
stand in the way of safely educating and
caring for children in our schools
withholding funding from schools that do
not open in person full-time would be a
misguided approach putting already
financially strapped schools in an
impossible position that would threaten
the health of students and teachers
really doesn't get more clear than that
so if you have been pointing to the
Academy as the definitive proof because
they said they should open which isn't
what they said I'm very curious to see
how you're going to deny that this is
important this was your evidence last
week because you didn't read it or
misread it they're really clear on this
the president has exactly zero business
in determining when schools open health
experts did one of the issues with the
presidency is that people have begun to
see that office as more than just the
president of the Congress that's really
what it is that's what it's supposed to
be the executive branch he's not a ruler
that office was never meant to be that
not supposed to know everything not
supposed to have his fingers and
everything not supposed to direct
everything because one person can't know
everything and that's when you're
talking about a qualified individual
when you're talking about Trump who's
bragging about passing a cognitive test
maybe there should be more input from
others the presidency has too much power
the Trump administration has shown this
completely it needs to be curtailed that
needs to be one of the one of the most
important things on the agenda of
whoever is in office next to limit their
own power because eventually there will
be another Trump there will be another
person who believes they are a stable
genius that they have infinite wisdom
when in reality they don't know much
make no mistake about it this push to
reopen schools its political there's no
logical reason to set a a nationwide
standard for when schools reopen when
the threat isn't balanced everywhere
it's going to change we have to be
adaptable if not it's going to make
things worse the president's tweets are
going to make things worse the president
attempting to control everything is
going to make things worse I personally
would trust everybody who signed on to
this a whole lot more then I would trust
the president anyway it's just a thought
you'll have a good night
[Music]